docs: add <meta> tags (group 2) (#951)
flybywiresim/docs: docs/fbw-a32nx/feature-guides/flypados3/charts.md

---
title: flyPadOS 3 EFB - Navigation & Charts

> description: Learn how to access and utilize charts on FlyPadOS3 with a Navigraph account or local files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to access and utilize charts on flyPadOS 3 with a Navigraph account or local files.
```

branding
